Updating docs and guide with docker link (#12740)
meteor/meteor: guide/source/2.13-migration.md

scenes (in a backwards compatible manner) or are opt-in. For a complete
breakdown of the changes, please refer to the [changelog](http://docs.meteor.com/changelog.html).

In order to correctly run projects in Meteor 2.13 with Docker, you will need to
update your Dockerfile to use our [Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/meteor/node) that contains Nodejs v14.21.4.

> For deployments case you are using [Meteor Cloud](https://www.meteor.com/cloud), you don't need to do anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [Meteor Cloud](https://www.meteor.com/cloud) default base image, you don't need to change anything. If you are using a custom image, please update it accordingly to use the docker image provided or make sure you are using our Node.js 14.21.4 with the security updates.
```

> for more information on the changes in this release, please refer to the

Reviewer: The changelog with all the changes was already mentioned in the first paragraph. Perhaps this one can be removed.
